README.md, before:

# Collecting an AU BECS Direct Debit mandate and payment

Stripe users in Australia can accept [BECS Direct Debit payments](https://stripe.com/docs/payments/au-becs-debit) from customers with an Australian bank account.

As part of their payment confirmations, businesses must collect a mandate, called Direct Debit Request (DDR): customers need to provide their bank account details—consisting of the account holder’s name, the Bank-State-Branch (BSB) number, and the bank account number—and accept the DDR Service Agreement. This gives the business an authorization to debit the account. Stripe is able to generate this mandate for businesses to present to their customers.

In the sample provided, [a PaymentIntent object is created](https://stripe.com/docs/payments/au-becs-debit/accept-a-payment#create-payment-intent) to be confirmed during checkout, upon which a recurring Direct Debit Request mandate is generated and the debit is initiated. Webhooks  are used to get notified of [payment status changes](https://stripe.com/docs/payments/au-becs-debit/accept-a-payment#confirm-success).

## Demo

See a [hosted version](https://v0n15.sse.codesandbox.io/) of the sample or fork the code on [codesandbox.io](https://codesandbox.io/s/github/stripe-samples/au-becs-debit-payment/tree/codesandbox).

All the samples run in test mode -- use on of the test account numbers from the [doc](https://stripe.com/docs/payments/au-becs-debit/accept-a-payment#test-integration).

<img src="./au-becs-debit-payment.gif" alt="Collecting a BECS Debit mandate and payment" align="center">

## Webhooks

You will need to handle asynchronous events in order to be notified when the payment is successful or has failed. To do so, it is essential that your integration uses webhooks to monitor the `payment_intent.succeeded` and `payment_intent.payment_failed` events.

<!-- prettier-ignore -->
| This sample shows: | Using webhooks | 
:--- | :---: 
📝 **Formatting and validating bank account numbers** using [Stripe Elements](https://stripe.com/docs/stripe-js/elements/au-bank-account). | ✅ |
🧾 **Collecting a Direct Debit Request** for future usage for example with [Stripe Billing](https://stripe.com/docs/billing/subscriptions/set-up-subscription).  | ✅ |
↪️ **Using webhooks to verify the payment outcome.** You will need to handle asynchronous events in order to be notified when the payment is successful or has failed. | ✅ |
🏦 **Easily scalable to other payment methods.** Webhooks enable easy adoption of other asynchroneous payment methods like direct debits and push-based payment flows. | ✅ |

## How to run locally

This sample includes 5 server implementations in Node, Ruby, Python, Java, and PHP.

Follow the steps below to run locally.

**1. Clone and configure the sample**

The Stripe CLI is the fastest way to clone and configure a sample to run locally.

**Using the Stripe CLI**

If you haven't already installed the CLI, follow the [installation steps](https://github.com/stripe/stripe-cli#installation) in the project README. The CLI is useful for cloning samples and locally testing webhooks and Stripe integrations.

In your terminal shell, run the Stripe CLI command to clone the sample:

```
stripe samples create au-becs-debit-payment
```

The CLI will walk you through picking your integration type, server and client languages, and configuring your .env config file with your Stripe API keys.

**Installing and cloning manually**

If you do not want to use the Stripe CLI, you can manually clone and configure the sample yourself:

```
git clone https://github.com/stripe-samples/au-becs-debit-payment.git
```

Copy the .env.example file into a file named .env in the folder of the server you want to use. For example:

```
cp .env.example server/node/.env
```

You will need a Stripe account in order to run the demo. Once you set up your account, go to the Stripe [developer dashboard](https://stripe.com/docs/development#api-keys) to find your API keys.

```
STRIPE_PUBLISHABLE_KEY=<replace-with-your-publishable-key>
STRIPE_SECRET_KEY=<replace-with-your-secret-key>
```

`STATIC_DIR` tells the server where to the client files are located and does not need to be modified unless you move the server files.

**2. Follow the server instructions on how to run:**

Pick the server language you want and follow the instructions in the server folder README on how to run.

For example, if you want to run the Node server in `using-webhooks`:

```
cd server/node # there's a README in this folder with instructions
npm install
npm start
```

**3. [Optional] Run a webhook locally:**

If you want to test the `using-webhooks` integration with a local webhook on your machine, you can use the Stripe CLI to easily spin one up.

First [install the CLI](https://stripe.com/docs/stripe-cli) and [link your Stripe account](https://stripe.com/docs/stripe-cli#link-account).

```
stripe listen --forward-to localhost:4242/webhook
```

The CLI will print a webhook secret key to the console. Set `STRIPE_WEBHOOK_SECRET` to this value in your .env file.

You should see events logged in the console where the CLI is running.

When you are ready to create a live webhook endpoint, follow our guide in the docs on [configuring a webhook endpoint in the dashboard](https://stripe.com/docs/webhooks/setup#configure-webhook-settings).

## FAQ

Q: Why did you pick these frameworks?

A: We chose the most minimal framework to convey the key Stripe calls and concepts you need to understand. These demos are meant as an educational tool that helps you roadmap how to integrate Stripe within your own system independent of the framework.

Q: Can you show me how to build X?

A: We are always looking for new sample ideas, please email dev-samples@stripe.com with your suggestion!

## Authors

- [@thorsten-stripe](https://twitter.com/thorwebdev)
- [@pjan-stripe](https://twitter.com/pjan)

Commit message:

Update support links in README.md

README.md, after:

# Collecting an AU BECS Direct Debit mandate and payment

Stripe users in Australia can accept [BECS Direct Debit payments](https://stripe.com/docs/payments/au-becs-debit) from customers with an Australian bank account.

As part of their payment confirmations, businesses must collect a mandate, called Direct Debit Request (DDR): customers need to provide their bank account details—consisting of the account holder’s name, the Bank-State-Branch (BSB) number, and the bank account number—and accept the DDR Service Agreement. This gives the business an authorization to debit the account. Stripe is able to generate this mandate for businesses to present to their customers.

In the sample provided, [a PaymentIntent object is created](https://stripe.com/docs/payments/au-becs-debit/accept-a-payment#create-payment-intent) to be confirmed during checkout, upon which a recurring Direct Debit Request mandate is generated and the debit is initiated. Webhooks  are used to get notified of [payment status changes](https://stripe.com/docs/payments/au-becs-debit/accept-a-payment#confirm-success).

## Demo

See a [hosted version](https://v0n15.sse.codesandbox.io/) of the sample or fork the code on [codesandbox.io](https://codesandbox.io/s/github/stripe-samples/au-becs-debit-payment/tree/codesandbox).

All the samples run in test mode -- use on of the test account numbers from the [doc](https://stripe.com/docs/payments/au-becs-debit/accept-a-payment#test-integration).

<img src="./au-becs-debit-payment.gif" alt="Collecting a BECS Debit mandate and payment" align="center">

## Webhooks

You will need to handle asynchronous events in order to be notified when the payment is successful or has failed. To do so, it is essential that your integration uses webhooks to monitor the `payment_intent.succeeded` and `payment_intent.payment_failed` events.

<!-- prettier-ignore -->
| This sample shows: | Using webhooks | 
:--- | :---: 
📝 **Formatting and validating bank account numbers** using [Stripe Elements](https://stripe.com/docs/stripe-js/elements/au-bank-account). | ✅ |
🧾 **Collecting a Direct Debit Request** for future usage for example with [Stripe Billing](https://stripe.com/docs/billing/subscriptions/set-up-subscription).  | ✅ |
↪️ **Using webhooks to verify the payment outcome.** You will need to handle asynchronous events in order to be notified when the payment is successful or has failed. | ✅ |
🏦 **Easily scalable to other payment methods.** Webhooks enable easy adoption of other asynchroneous payment methods like direct debits and push-based payment flows. | ✅ |

## How to run locally

This sample includes 5 server implementations in Node, Ruby, Python, Java, and PHP.

Follow the steps below to run locally.

**1. Clone and configure the sample**

The Stripe CLI is the fastest way to clone and configure a sample to run locally.

**Using the Stripe CLI**

If you haven't already installed the CLI, follow the [installation steps](https://github.com/stripe/stripe-cli#installation) in the project README. The CLI is useful for cloning samples and locally testing webhooks and Stripe integrations.

In your terminal shell, run the Stripe CLI command to clone the sample:

```
stripe samples create au-becs-debit-payment
```

The CLI will walk you through picking your integration type, server and client languages, and configuring your .env config file with your Stripe API keys.

**Installing and cloning manually**

If you do not want to use the Stripe CLI, you can manually clone and configure the sample yourself:

```
git clone https://github.com/stripe-samples/au-becs-debit-payment.git
```

Copy the .env.example file into a file named .env in the folder of the server you want to use. For example:

```
cp .env.example server/node/.env
```

You will need a Stripe account in order to run the demo. Once you set up your account, go to the Stripe [developer dashboard](https://stripe.com/docs/development#api-keys) to find your API keys.

```
STRIPE_PUBLISHABLE_KEY=<replace-with-your-publishable-key>
STRIPE_SECRET_KEY=<replace-with-your-secret-key>
```

`STATIC_DIR` tells the server where to the client files are located and does not need to be modified unless you move the server files.

**2. Follow the server instructions on how to run:**

Pick the server language you want and follow the instructions in the server folder README on how to run.

For example, if you want to run the Node server in `using-webhooks`:

```
cd server/node # there's a README in this folder with instructions
npm install
npm start
```

**3. [Optional] Run a webhook locally:**

If you want to test the `using-webhooks` integration with a local webhook on your machine, you can use the Stripe CLI to easily spin one up.

First [install the CLI](https://stripe.com/docs/stripe-cli) and [link your Stripe account](https://stripe.com/docs/stripe-cli#link-account).

```
stripe listen --forward-to localhost:4242/webhook
```

The CLI will print a webhook secret key to the console. Set `STRIPE_WEBHOOK_SECRET` to this value in your .env file.

You should see events logged in the console where the CLI is running.

When you are ready to create a live webhook endpoint, follow our guide in the docs on [configuring a webhook endpoint in the dashboard](https://stripe.com/docs/webhooks/setup#configure-webhook-settings).

## FAQ

Q: Why did you pick these frameworks?

A: We chose the most minimal framework to convey the key Stripe calls and concepts you need to understand. These demos are meant as an educational tool that helps you roadmap how to integrate Stripe within your own system independent of the framework.

## Get support
If you found a bug or want to suggest a new [feature/use case/sample], please [file an issue](../../issues).

If you have questions, comments, or need help with code, we're here to help:
- on [IRC via freenode](https://webchat.freenode.net/?channel=#stripe)
- on Twitter at [@StripeDev](https://twitter.com/StripeDev)
- on Stack Overflow at the [stripe-payments](https://stackoverflow.com/tags/stripe-payments/info) tag
- by [email](mailto:support+github@stripe.com)

## Authors

- [@thorsten-stripe](https://twitter.com/thorwebdev)
- [@pjan-stripe](https://twitter.com/pjan)
